[Save over 30% when you subscribe to an annual subscription plan!](https://api-ninjas.com/pricing) ×

# Recipe API

The Recipe API provides access to hundreds of thousands of creative recipes from all cuisines.

API Status

Online \- All Systems Operational

## /v2/recipe GET

`https://api.api-ninjas.com/v2/recipe`

Get a list of recipes for a given recipe name or ingredient(s). Returns a list of recipes. To access more results, use the `limit` parameter to limit the number of results and the `offset` parameter to offset results for pagination in multiple API calls.

* * *

#### Parameters

Either `title` or `ingredients` parameter must be provided.

- ##### **`title`**  optional


Recipe title to search for.

- ##### **`ingredients`**  optional


Comma-separated list of ingredients to search for.

- ##### **`limit`**  optional [premium only](https://api-ninjas.com/pricing)


Number of results to return. Must be between `1` and `30`. If not set, a default value of `1` will be used.

- ##### **`offset`**  optional [premium only](https://api-ninjas.com/pricing)


Number of results to offset for pagination.


#### Headers

- ##### **`X-Api-Key`**  required


API Key associated with your account.


#### Sample Request Live Demo!

Query

title

`https://api.api-ninjas.com/v2/recipe?title=lentil soup`

Headers

`X-Api-Key``Log in or sign up to get your API Key`

* * *

Send Request

#### Sample Response

**JSON**

`1[\
2  {\
3    "title": "Gramma's Lentil Soup with Garlic Bread",\
4    "ingredients": [\
5      "2 tb Oil",\
6      "1 lg Onion; chopped",\
7      "3 Garlic cloves; finely grated or pureed",\
8      "1 Leek; finely chopped",\
9      "3 lg Carrots; diced",\
10      "3 Celery stalks; finely chopped",\
11      "1 ts Paprika",\
12      "1 ts Died mixed herbs",\
13      "1 ts Gramma's Mild Pepper Sauce",\
14      "2 ts Wine vinegar",\
15      "3 oz Red lentils; rinsed",\
16      "1 4 oz can tomatoes",\
17      "2 pt Vegetable stock"\
18    ],\
19    "servings": "6 servings",\
20    "instructions": "1. Heat the oil in a pan and fry the onions until soft (about 5 minutes). 2. Add the garlic, leeks, carrots and celery and cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 3. Add the paprika, herbs, pepper sauce, vinegar, lentils, tomatoes and stock. Stir well. 4. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 40-50 minutes, stirring occasionally. 5. Remove from heat, leave to cool slightly, then liquidise in a food processor or blender, or pass through a large sieve. 6. Pour back into pan and reheat. Serve with hot toasted garlic bread."\
21  }\
22]`

* * *

#### Code Examples

cURLPythonJavaScriptNode.jsJavaSwift

`1curl -X GET "https://api.api-ninjas.com/v2/recipe?title=lentil%20soup" \
2  -H "X-Api-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"`

If your programming language is not listed in the Code Example above, you can still make API calls by using a HTTP request library written in your programming language and following the above documentation.

We use cookies to enhance your experience

We use cookies to analyze site traffic, personalize content, and improve our services. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. You can customize your preferences or learn more in our [Privacy Policy](https://api-ninjas.com/privacy).

Accept AllDecline

StripeM-Inner